Red cherry fruit comes laced with light tannins, giving this bright wine an open, juicy character.
Merlot and Nero d'Avola form the base for this easy red wine that would pair with fettuccine and meat sauce or pork roast. The quality of the fruit is clean, bright and sharp.
Part of the extended Calanìca series, this Grillo-Viognier blend shows aromas of honeysuckle and jasmine, backed by touches of cut grass and wild sage. In the mouth, it shows ripe yellow-fruit flavors.
Rustic and dry, this has flavors of berries, currants, licorice and spices. Made from Cabernet Franc and Cabernet Sauvignon.
This shows a tart, green gooseberry flavor that is similar to New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc. Other notes include tropical fruit, orange and honey. Unoaked, with a splash of Muscat, this has commendable dryness and acidity.
As with many of the Erath 2010 vineyard designates, this is strongly herbal. The notes of leaf and herb create somewhat unripe flavor impressions, with a touch of bitterness on the finish. The fruit just passes the ripeness of sweet tomatoes.
White flower, lychee and apple aromas carry the mellow bouquet. The chunky-feeling palate bears powdery, sweet flavors of peach and melon, mixed with greener notes of grass and lime. The 80% Viognier component is typical of the warm climate: plump and oily, with a short finish. Chardonnay fills out the blend.
This concentrated Cabernet offers aromas of cured meat, dried fruit and rosemary. Barbecue spice and teriyaki sauce flavors give the wine a bold, chewy feel.
Inky in color, this wine has plump aromas of ripe fruit, blackberry jam and rum cake. On the palate, it is soft and smooth.
Part of the natural wine movement, this wine is made from organic grapes, and the label is printed with vegetable ink on recycled paper. The quality of fruit is very nice, with a juicy palate and a bright berry flavor on the finish.
Catarratto is one of Sicily's most widely farmed white grape varieties. This expression shows a mineral note, backed by citrus and almond blossom touches.
A stiff, tannic wine, this slowly opens and brings brambly berry flavors into play, along with notes of earthy herbs. There's a touch of bitterness to the tannins.
This is a festive wine, with soft, ripe fruit and acidity, plus a red berry flavor.
The clean, brisk mouthfeel gives this slightly oaked Sauvignon Blanc instant likeability. It's dry with a rich streak of honey that sweetens the citrus, pear and tropical fruit flavors. Pair this with Asian fare, ham or a green salad with grapefruit sections.
A berry aroma comes with cola and herb notes. The palate is tangy and racy, and it delivers raspberry and plum flavors, with a modest finish.
Right out of the starting blocks this is an oaky wine, dripping with caramel and vanilla notes. The texture on the midpalate is finessed and graceful, with drying tannins that latch onto the oak-driven finish. An eccentric blend of 50% Tannat, 35% Petit Verdot and 15% Pinotage.
Spicy, fresh and clean, this would pair with fried seafood or spaghetti con vongole. It offers pretty citrus tones followed by a drying mineral nuance.
This is a sweet wine with flavors of white sugar, orange, honey and vanilla, all brightened by crisp acidity.
This bottling resembles the New Zealand paradigm of Sauvignon Blanc, bearing aromas of grapefruit, passion fruit and kiwi; a sprinkling of graham cracker adds interest. The wine hits the palate like a fleshy fist, with an intense, grassy gooseberry flavor that provides plenty of punch. Pair with apricot-glazed roasted chicken.
Soft and fruity, this is a generous, ripe wine that's full of juicy red-cherry fruits and gentle tannins. It has some richness, giving a sweet character to this open, ready-to-drink wine.