This is a dry wine, very spicy, with a tight, taut texture and strongly mineral character layered with citrus as well as pepper. It's a food wine with its almost crisp aftertaste.
Slightly reduced, this wine offers a chalky, tannic backbone to an otherwise juicy explosion of rich black cherry, the whole accented throughout by firm oak and cigar box.
This is dominated by oak and oak-driven aromas that include roasted coffee bean, espresso, coconut and vanilla that carry over to the palate, together with plum and chocolate. Astringent, drying tannins give it a rather abrupt finish.
Building on 150 years and six generations of winemaking tradition, the winery trends toward a leaner style, with the classic California buttercream aroma cut by tart green apple. In this good everyday sipping wine, flavors that range from pear to barely ripe pineapple prove approachable but not distinctive.
Zesty orange peels and apple notes abound in this sprightly, mineral-toned Riesling. Off dry on the palate, yet racy and lean, it's a refreshing, easy quaffer with wide appeal.
Baked plum, molasses, balsamic vinegar and cheesy oak aromas feed into a palate that's braced by a bolt of acidity. A compact set of saucy red-berry and plum flavors features tobacco and peppery accents, while the finish is mildly green in flavor, with respectable weight and balance.
Raw black-cherry aromas are direct and simple but good. This has a juicy feel that thickens over time, with oak character and extract becoming more apparent. A flavor profile driven by dark-berry fruits and smoldering oak finishes meaty but hot.
Desiccated blackberry, leather, charred wood and mint aromas carry the nose on this full-bodied, tannic, heavily oaked Tinto Fino. Flavors of clove and woodspice sit on top of blackberry fruit, then hickory and other forceful oak-based aromas rise up and dominate the finish.
Red fruit aromas pervade on the nose, with cigar box and menthol notes riding in the back. The palate is slightly restrained on entry, but opens up to riper notes of cherry and plum specked with crushed pepper. This blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc is approachable now and ready to be enjoyed.
Ripe aromas of dark berries mingle with ample notes of black pepper, toasted vanilla and dusty tobacco. The palate is oak-driven in nature, but notes of tart red currant shine through, offering a bit of levity.
